so as always I'm beginning with a primer
and I'm just priming my face with some
Kiehl's ultra facial cream this is just
going to help your makeup stick on your
face better and it's going to moisturize
your skin next I'm taking a brown
contour shade this is a brown eyeshadow
color it's like the same consistency as
an eyeshadow and I'm going to start
carving out my cheeks it's a little bit
dramatic you can use a foundation and
you can apply a cream foundation with
your brush but I choose to use a powder
and either one work beautiful and if
you're starting out with this I do
recommend using a cream or foundation
because it's going to be a lot easier to
blend if you're having trouble finding
your natural cheekbone I would suck in
your face just like a fish and you will
see where the line of your cheekbone is
and if you are having trouble finding
your cheekbones that probably means that
they're not as prominent on your face
naturally so I would not extend the
contour all the way down too close to
the mouth I would keep it just about an
inch and a half to two inches down your
cheek bone because it's going to look a
little bit more obvious if you fully
drawn cheek bones that are not naturally
there if that makes sense
so I wouldn't recommend doing that but
you can still do the contour as dramatic
as you want on your forehead and your
chin and the reason you do it on your
forehead is just to give yourself a
little bit more dimension to the face
and if you have sort of a bigger
forehead and you want it to appear a
little bit shorter or smaller contouring
the top and the sides is really going to
draw it in and it's going to make your
forehead appear smaller so that's
definitely something that's good if you
you know if you want your forehead to
look a little bit smaller otherwise it
just looks good and it just gives your
face a little bit of dimension and if
you have a big chin this goes the same
way for the chin in terms of contouring
if you contour your jawline it's going
to bring your chin sort of in and it's
going to make it look like you have less
of a double chin if you have one and
same thing with your chin if you contour
just the tip of your chin it's going to
make your chin look shorter so these are
really good tricks if you want to sort
of create an illusion
okay now it's time for concealer and I'm
using a damp Beauty Blender this is
going to help your sponge like not eat
up your product if it's damp and I'm
using a concealer that I love this is
two-faced absolutely flawless concealer
this is pretty high coverage this is
sort of like medium to high coverage and
it's far lighter than my skin which is
perfect because it's going to give a
really dramatic look because it is a
white casted sort of shade right now for
my skin I am using a banana powder with
this so I'm going to sort of like
neutralize the tone in a bit so I'm
going to conceal pretty dramatically
underneath my eyes all the way up to my
hairline and then in the middle of my
forehead and then obviously the other
under-eye and I'm going to do my chin as
well as my upper lip and just below the
contour that we did on our cheeks so
it's a whole lot of concealing and it
looks really really beautiful when it's
done while I did leave my contouring
shade my dark brown shade I left it
rather unblended I do blend the
concealer in pretty well as I'm applying
it and because that's because I'm not
going to go in with a brush later I'm
just using my Beauty Blender and that as
you know if you ever use one it blends
products beautifully so I sort of blend
the concealer in and I leave the contour
unblended and then I'll work with the
contour after I'm done
okay before I powder my face I want to
show you girls something this is a light
translucent quote-unquote powder and
this is just like any HD translucent
powder it's going to set on your skin
and it's going to look close to clear
and then I'm going to show you at Ben
Nye banana powder which is rather
pigmented and this is a yellow powder
and this looks totally like skin and I
wanted to show you because even you can
see on my hand the white one is like
highlighted right now in not necessarily
a good way and the banana powder one is
very pigmented and it's very light as
well but it's a yellow tone so it's
going to look way more natural on your
skin I'm going to apply that and I hope
that you girls see the difference I
really recommend this powder it is one
of my favorites now after I purchased it
and I know it's Kim's absolute must-have
which is why I bought it
of course so it's very subtle and I put
this over a white sort of concealer and
you can see that it's seen my skin way
more neutralized in tone it's still so
bright and it's like a pure white
highlight but it's got a natural skin
finish to it and it gives your face such
a flawless soft look I don't know if you
girls can see but if you put this video
in HD you probably can it's so soft on
your skin and my skin is just like
popping out at you after I put this bit
of powder on like this banana powder is
everything right now okay I just patted
my face and one of the things I always
do is like reapply my mascara because if
you've ever noticed sometimes it gets on
your lashes after you've done your eye
makeup and I don't want like powder on
my lashes so I just apply a little bit
more mascara and then I'm going to move
on to my eyebrows I'm taking a
Maybelline cover stick and this is in
the color ivory and a Mac net 195 brush
going to highlight underneath my brow
bone and above my brow bone and this is
going to make your eyebrows stand out
and then I'm going to do the other one
and I don't worry too much if the white
gets on top where my contour is my dark
contour because I'm going to be blending
that contour out and it just creates
like a more natural highlight above the
brow but it's not too obvious once
everything's blended out okay now it's
time to blend everything out and I was
in New York while I was filming this
video I was so sad I did not have my
brush for blending out contour which
really really sucked well I'm trying to
blend out this contour it just doesn't
really want to happen and what I would
normally use I'll insert a picture is
this brush by NARS it's the botan brush
and it's a beautiful beautiful brush
it's made of goat hair and it's so stiff
it's just perfect for blending and
contouring well not contouring but
blending out your contour it's so
beautiful so I had to use this stupid
brush that I brought with me and I don't
know why I didn't bring the other one
but anyways you'll see I do get the job
done I would totally recommend using a
very firm brush for blending out your
contour and if you don't have a firm
brush then I recommend using a cream
foundation because the cream Foundation
will blend with you know a stippling
brush I blend with absolutely anything
so I recommend that if you don't have
the tools to blend out some powder I
hope that you girls really enjoyed this
video and I hope that you learned
something please don't forget to let me
know what you want to see in my next
video uploads are now on mondays I hope
that you enjoyed as always thank you so
much for watching and I will see you my
next video
love you bye beauties